{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17700\viewh8060\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ( game recommender name tbd ) \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 (Game recommender name tbd ) is a game recommendation app that helps you find games that you would want to play. Whether you are looking for a completely new game or to get a selection from your steam backlog to finish up, ( TBD Name )\'a0 will help you make the most of your gaming experience.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 ( TBD Name ) helps make the tough decisions by figuring out what type of games you like. Just tell it your favorite genres, playstyle, and length of game you are looking for and ( TBD Name ) will suggest the games that will fill that void.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 ( TBD Name ) works with your Steam account to give even more control by allowing you to filter games only in your current library so you can clear that growing backlog from the last 5 Steam sales, and will get playtime from HowLongToBeat.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 To conclude, ( TBD Name ) will be your gaming companion for years to come. Whether broadening your horizons or clearing that backlog of games, ( TBD Name ) is the thing for you.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 *( TBD Name ) uses Java, Spring Boot, HTML/CSS/JavaScript frontend and a hosting site tbd (maybe render).\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
}